Who is that?
Your old man
Doctor, who brought you here?
Do you know where this place is?
Where I go is my freedom
Why can't I come to you?
Hey Shishi
It's your freedom to go anywhere
But here it is.
It was held to welcome the four major families
Long Night
Come here, your net worth will exceed 10 million
Not all cats and dogs can come in
Sister, do you regret rejecting Wang Shao?
I came here today to attract Wang Shao's attention, right?
I told you it was too late
Now Wang Shao is my man
Lin Shishi, have you had enough trouble?
Are you still ashamed and not lost enough?
Get out of here
I don't have a daughter like you from now on
You Lin Jia
When did it become the mouth of the Wang family?
Don't forget.
Lin Shishi is the general manager of your Lin Jia
If he is not qualified to come here
Then can your Lin family get out?
Shut up!
Li Shishi
You brought this poser here
Do you want to lose face in my Lin family?
Ah!
I declare
From now on
Remove you as the general manager of Lin's Group
Replaced by Xiao Xiao
Sister, what are you still doing standing here?
You have now removed your neighbor's name
You don't deserve this occasion either
I see you still have this bumpkin with you.
Go beg under the overpass
I'm so angry, let's try it
It's a waste of time talking to these people
Your order?
Even if you weren't there today
The four major families will also send it back to you in person.
Let's go stop
Boy, what a big breath!
Without an invitation, he is also good at exquisite nights
Can you bear this sin?
I still want to go
I'm telling you, no one can save you today
Somebody take it for me
Wait a minute.
Who said I don't have an invitation?